Add reference bundle registration to UPGRADE file (#7320)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

Sulu 2.6. This will make it easier for you to identify any bugs that may occur
in the project code with PHP 8.2.

### New required bundle

> A new Bundle was added to Sulu which need to be registred in the `config/bundles.php`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Bundle was added to Sulu which needs to be registered in the `config/bundles.php`:
```
